updating links from fwlink to real link if exists (#17016)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wpf/advanced/optimizing-performance-object-behavior.md

  
 [!INCLUDE[TLA2#tla_winclient](../../../../includes/tla2sharptla-winclient-md.md)] introduces a weak event listener pattern for events that can be useful in situations where the object lifetime relationships between source and listener are difficult to keep track of. Some existing [!INCLUDE[TLA2#tla_winclient](../../../../includes/tla2sharptla-winclient-md.md)] events use this pattern. If you are implementing objects with custom events, this pattern may be of use to you. For details, see [Weak Event Patterns](weak-event-patterns.md).  
  

>  There are several tools, such as the CLR Profiler and the Working Set Viewer, that can provides information on the memory usage of a specified process. The CLR Profiler includes a number of very useful views of the allocation profile, including a histogram of allocated types, allocation and call graphs, a time line showing garbage collections of various generations and the resulting state of the managed heap after those collections, and a call tree showing per-method allocations and assembly loads. For more information, see [.NET Framework Developer Center](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/aa497289(v=msdn.10)).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 There are several tools, such as the CLR Profiler and the Working Set Viewer, that can provides information on the memory usage of a specified process. The CLR Profiler includes a number of very useful views of the allocation profile, including a histogram of allocated types, allocation and call graphs, a time line showing garbage collections of various generations and the resulting state of the managed heap after those collections, and a call tree showing per-method allocations and assembly loads. For more information, see [Performance](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/aa497289(v=msdn.10)).  
```
